README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <h1>--// Developer Toolkit //</h1>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/klpod221/devtoolkit?style=for-the-badge&color=ffb4a2&labelColor=201a19">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/klpod221/devtoolkit?style=for-the-badge&color=e6c419&labelColor=1d1b16">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/klpod221/devtoolkit?style=for-the-badge&color=a8c7ff&labelColor=1a1b1f">
</div>

## About

This is a open-source project that I created to help developers with some tools that I use in my day-to-day life. I hope you enjoy it!

If you want to contribute, feel free to fork this repository and make a pull request with your changes.

And if you have any suggestions, please let me know by creating an issue.

## Tools List (24/46)

### Text Editor

| Status                    | Name                                                                 | Description                    |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Code Editor & Compiler](https://devtools.klpod221.site/editor/code) | Write and run your code.       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Markdown Editor](https://devtools.klpod221.site/editor/markdown)    | Write markdown and preview it. |

### Image Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                    | Description                                               |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Format Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/image/converter)      | Convert your images to different formats.                 |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [JPEG/WEBP Compressor](https://devtools.klpod221.site/image/compressor) | Reduce the size of your images for JPEG and WEBP formats. |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Resizer](https://devtools.klpod221.site/image/resizer)                 | Resize your images.                                       |

### Web Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                      | Description                         |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [File Uploader](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/uploader)              | Upload and share files.             |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Base64 Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/base64)             | Encode or decode base64 strings.    |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Base64 Image Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/base64-image) | Encode or decode base64 images.     |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Bcrypt Hash Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/bcrypt)        | Bcrypt hash generator and verifier. |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Url Encoder/Decoder](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/url)             | Encode or decode url strings.       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Url Parser](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/url-parser)               | Parse url strings.                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [JSON Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/json)                 | Convert JSON to XML, YAML etc.      |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Back to JSON](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/back-to-json)           | Convert XML, YAML to JSON.          |

### System Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                                         | Description                                   |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Nginx Config Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/nginx)                        | Generate Nginx configuration files.           |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Dockerize helper](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/docker)                             | Generate Dockerfile and docker-compose files. |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Ubuntu Server Configurator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/ubuntu)                   | Generate Ubuntu server configuration.         |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [IMAP/POP3/SMTP Tester](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/mail)                          | Test IMAP, POP3, SMTP servers.                |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [IP Address Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/ip)                             | Convert IP addresses to different formats.    |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Cron Expression Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/cron-generator)            | Generate cron expressions.                    |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Cron Expression Parser](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/cron-parser)                  | Parse cron expressions.                       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Digital Certificate Decoder](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/certificate-decoder)     | Decode digital certificates.                  |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Digital Certificate Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/certificate-generator) | Generate digital certificates.                |

### Text Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                      | Description                                              |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Regex Tester](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/regex)                 | Test your regular expressions.                           |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Text Diff](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/diff)                     | Compare two texts.                                       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Word Counter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/counter)               | Count words, characters and distribution.                |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Lorem Ipsum](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/lorem-ipsum)            | Generate placeholder text.                               |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Random String](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/random)               | Generate random strings for passwords etc.               |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Unicode To Hex](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/unicode-to-hex)      | Convert unicode to hex.                                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Hex To Unicode](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/hex-to-unicode)      | Convert hex to unicode.                                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Text Case Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/case)           | Convert text to upper, lower, capitalize, camelCase etc. |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Text to Image](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/to-image)             | Convert text to image.                                   |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Text to Speech](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/speech)              | Convert text to speech.                                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Backslash Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/backslash)      | Escape or unescape backslashes.                          |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [List Sorter/Randomizer](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/sort-random) | Sort or randomize lists.                                 |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Morse Code Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/morse)         | Convert text to Morse code and vice versa.               |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [QR Code Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/qr-code)          | Convert text to QR code and vice versa.                  |

### Utility Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                         | Description                                           |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Color Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/color)              | Convert color codes to different formats.             |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Color Picker](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/picker)                | Pick colors from the color picker or upload an image. |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Number Base Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/number)       | Convert number bases.                                 |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Unit Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/unit)                | Convert units.                                        |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Time Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/time)                | Convert time zones and formats.                       |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Currency Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/currency)        | Convert currencies.                                   |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Hash Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/hash)                | Generate hashes.                                      |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [UUID Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/uuid)                | Generate UUIDs.                                       |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Password Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/password)        | Generate passwords.                                   |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Unix Timestamp Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/timestamp) | Convert unix timestamps.                              |

All tools are open-source and available on [GitHub](https://github.com/klpod221/devtoolkit).

## How to use

You can access the tools by clicking on the links above or by accessing the [website](https://devtools.klpod221.site).

Or you can clone this repository and run the project locally. Project uses [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) and [Flowbite React UI](https://flowbite-react.com/). To run the project locally or for development, follow the steps below:

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies with `npm install` (this project uses node v20)
3. Run the project with `npm run dev`
4. Access the project at `http://localhost:3000`

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Rename Morse Code Converter to Morse Code Translator and add Binary Translator tool

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <h1>--// Developer Toolkit //</h1>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/klpod221/devtoolkit?style=for-the-badge&color=ffb4a2&labelColor=201a19">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/klpod221/devtoolkit?style=for-the-badge&color=e6c419&labelColor=1d1b16">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/klpod221/devtoolkit?style=for-the-badge&color=a8c7ff&labelColor=1a1b1f">
</div>

## About

This is a open-source project that I created to help developers with some tools that I use in my day-to-day life. I hope you enjoy it!

If you want to contribute, feel free to fork this repository and make a pull request with your changes.

And if you have any suggestions, please let me know by creating an issue.

## Tools List (24/47)

### Text Editor

| Status                    | Name                                                                 | Description                    |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Code Editor & Compiler](https://devtools.klpod221.site/editor/code) | Write and run your code.       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Markdown Editor](https://devtools.klpod221.site/editor/markdown)    | Write markdown and preview it. |

### Image Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                    | Description                                               |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Format Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/image/converter)      | Convert your images to different formats.                 |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [JPEG/WEBP Compressor](https://devtools.klpod221.site/image/compressor) | Reduce the size of your images for JPEG and WEBP formats. |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Resizer](https://devtools.klpod221.site/image/resizer)                 | Resize your images.                                       |

### Web Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                      | Description                         |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [File Uploader](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/uploader)              | Upload and share files.             |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Base64 Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/base64)             | Encode or decode base64 strings.    |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Base64 Image Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/base64-image) | Encode or decode base64 images.     |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Bcrypt Hash Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/bcrypt)        | Bcrypt hash generator and verifier. |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Url Encoder/Decoder](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/url)             | Encode or decode url strings.       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Url Parser](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/url-parser)               | Parse url strings.                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [JSON Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/json)                 | Convert JSON to XML, YAML etc.      |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Back to JSON](https://devtools.klpod221.site/web/back-to-json)           | Convert XML, YAML to JSON.          |

### System Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                                         | Description                                   |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Nginx Config Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/nginx)                        | Generate Nginx configuration files.           |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Dockerize helper](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/docker)                             | Generate Dockerfile and docker-compose files. |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Ubuntu Server Configurator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/ubuntu)                   | Generate Ubuntu server configuration.         |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [IMAP/POP3/SMTP Tester](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/mail)                          | Test IMAP, POP3, SMTP servers.                |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [IP Address Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/ip)                             | Convert IP addresses to different formats.    |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Cron Expression Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/cron-generator)            | Generate cron expressions.                    |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Cron Expression Parser](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/cron-parser)                  | Parse cron expressions.                       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Digital Certificate Decoder](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/certificate-decoder)     | Decode digital certificates.                  |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Digital Certificate Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/system/certificate-generator) | Generate digital certificates.                |

### Text Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                      | Description                                              |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Regex Tester](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/regex)                 | Test your regular expressions.                           |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Text Diff](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/diff)                     | Compare two texts.                                       |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Word Counter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/counter)               | Count words, characters and distribution.                |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Lorem Ipsum](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/lorem-ipsum)            | Generate placeholder text.                               |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Random String](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/random)               | Generate random strings for passwords etc.               |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Unicode To Hex](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/unicode-to-hex)      | Convert unicode to hex.                                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Hex To Unicode](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/hex-to-unicode)      | Convert hex to unicode.                                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Text Case Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/case)           | Convert text to upper, lower, capitalize, camelCase etc. |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Text to Image](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/to-image)             | Convert text to image.                                   |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Text to Speech](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/speech)              | Convert text to speech.                                  |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [Backslash Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/backslash)      | Escape or unescape backslashes.                          |
| <ul><li> - [x] </li></ul> | [List Sorter/Randomizer](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/sort-random) | Sort or randomize lists.                                 |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Morse Code Translator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/morse)        | Translate text to morse code and vice versa.             |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Binary Translator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/binary)           | Translate text to binary and vice versa.                 |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [QR Code Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/text/qr-code)          | Convert text to QR code and vice versa.                  |

### Utility Tools

| Status                    | Name                                                                         | Description                                           |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Color Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/color)              | Convert color codes to different formats.             |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Color Picker](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/picker)                | Pick colors from the color picker or upload an image. |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Number Base Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/number)       | Convert number bases.                                 |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Unit Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/unit)                | Convert units.                                        |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Time Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/time)                | Convert time zones and formats.                       |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Currency Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/currency)        | Convert currencies.                                   |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Hash Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/hash)                | Generate hashes.                                      |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [UUID Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/uuid)                | Generate UUIDs.                                       |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Password Generator](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/password)        | Generate passwords.                                   |
| <ul><li> - [ ] </li></ul> | [Unix Timestamp Converter](https://devtools.klpod221.site/utility/timestamp) | Convert unix timestamps.                              |

All tools are open-source and available on [GitHub](https://github.com/klpod221/devtoolkit).

## How to use

You can access the tools by clicking on the links above or by accessing the [website](https://devtools.klpod221.site).

Or you can clone this repository and run the project locally. Project uses [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) and [Flowbite React UI](https://flowbite-react.com/). To run the project locally or for development, follow the steps below:

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies with `npm install` (this project uses node v20)
3. Run the project with `npm run dev`
4. Access the project at `http://localhost:3000`

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
